hey guys through all four year and I'm
doing another tutorial I just found this
out and I wanted to be the first to
upload it to YouTube it's the it's a
dispenser shooter using I don't know now
wait I don't know if I'm the first to do
this but I think I haven't seen when I
looked it up but I haven't seen one and
they might be up now but here it is so
what I've done is I've used the five
circuit I'll build it over here again so
what you're going to need is you're
going to need five blocks just make a
simple five circuit if you don't know
how to go to my page I don't even know
how to right now I'm just sort of yeah
right there and they're so then you're
going to need redstone you're gonna need
a dispenser oh yeah sorry I'm a little
new to this redstone thing I'm not very
good at it this and there then add your
redstone dust or whatever on to your
circuit just like this up so you guys
can see there you add these to the
circuits voila voila it should why isn't
it working as a circuit anymore okay I
guess that'll work i'll have to work um
it is working as normal is it okay yeah
it is okay whatever and then you're
going to take your circuit then you're
going to attach the Dawa going to take
this and you're going to make it I don't
know if this matters I don't think it
does
34 you need before here and I'm going to
take my dispenser here just because I
don't have another one on me please i do
then you're going to take your for their
and this is the only way it will work if
you can if you make it like you're also
in a sec you make it like if you make it
like this where your I've already tried
making me like this where they're
connecting it goes if they're not
connecting you put them like that and
then three six one two three four five
six seven then I'd your pressure blade
ah add your pressure plate there right
here and connect it with redstone so
when you step on it it goes and I guess
you could test this really quickly just
so you guys know if you can do this so
one and off so if you want to know if
you can raise it up and I'll do that
right now quickly and if you don't need
to know this you can just leave the
video now um so I'm gonna need three
good okay and we're going to want these
up over to there and just build it the
same exact way this so it should I am
missing that one I don't know if that
matters yep you can put this part
underground and then have monsters and
you can fill this whole thing up with
arrows if you'd like see you can just
with arrows stacks of 64 if you want
is he step on that plate which i think
is pretty awesome so yeah that's my
tutorial on how to use a dispenser with
with a pressure plate so don't don't
forget to rate comment and subscribe um
so yeah I'll see you next time bye